---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "checkly_dashboard Resource - terraform-provider-checkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# checkly_dashboard (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "checkly_dashboard" "dashboard_1" {
  custom_url      = "checkly" # Should be updated to a unique value. Otherwise, there will be a 409 conflict error.
  custom_domain   = "status.example.com"
  logo            = "https://www.checklyhq.com/logo.png"
  header          = "Public dashboard"
  refresh_rate    = 60
  paginate        = false
  pagination_rate = 30
  hide_tags       = false
  width           = "FULL"
  tags = [
    "production"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `custom_url` (String) A subdomain name under 'checklyhq.com'. Needs to be unique across all users.
- `header` (String) A piece of text displayed at the top of your dashboard.

### Optional

- `checks_per_page` (Number) Determines how many checks to show per page. Possible values are between 1 and 20. (Default `15`).
- `custom_css` (String) Custom CSS to be applied to the dashboard.
- `custom_domain` (String) A custom user domain, e.g. 'status.example.com'. See the docs on updating your DNS and SSL usage.
- `description` (String) HTML <meta> description for the dashboard.
- `enable_incidents` (Boolean) Enable incident support for the dashboard. (Default `false`).
- `expand_checks` (Boolean) Expand or collapse checks on the dashboard. (Default `false`).
- `favicon` (String) A URL pointing to an image file to use as browser favicon.
- `hide_tags` (Boolean) Show or hide the tags on the dashboard. (Default `false`).
- `is_private` (Boolean) Set your dashboard as private and generate key.
- `link` (String) A link to for the dashboard logo.
- `logo` (String) A URL pointing to an image file to use for the dashboard logo.
- `paginate` (Boolean) Determines if pagination is on or off. (Default `true`).
- `pagination_rate` (Number) How often to trigger pagination in seconds. Possible values `30`, `60` and `300`. (Default `60`).
- `refresh_rate` (Number) How often to refresh the dashboard in seconds. Possible values `60`, '300' and `600`. (Default `60`).
- `show_check_run_links` (Boolean) Show or hide check run links on the dashboard. (Default `false`).
- `show_header` (Boolean) Show or hide header and description on the dashboard. (Default `true`).
- `show_p95` (Boolean) Show or hide the P95 stats on the dashboard. (Default `true`).
- `show_p99` (Boolean) Show or hide the P99 stats on the dashboard. (Default `true`).
- `tags` (Set of String) A list of one or more tags that filter which checks to display on the dashboard.
- `use_tags_and_operator` (Boolean) Set when to use AND operator for fetching dashboard tags. (Default `false`).
- `width` (String) Determines whether to use the full screen or focus in the center. Possible values are `FULL` and `960PX`. (Default `FULL`).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `key` (String, Sensitive) The access key when the dashboard is private.
