---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "checkly_playwright_check_suite Resource - terraform-provider-checkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a Playwright check from a code bundle.
---

# checkly_playwright_check_suite (Resource)

Creates a Playwright check from a code bundle.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "archive_file" "playwright-bundle" {
  type        = "tar.gz"
  output_path = "app-bundle.tar.gz"
  source_dir  = "${path.module}/app/"
  excludes = [
    ".git",
    "node_modules",
  ]
}

resource "checkly_playwright_code_bundle" "playwright-bundle" {
  prebuilt_archive {
    file = data.archive_file.playwright-bundle.output_path
  }
}

resource "checkly_playwright_check_suite" "example-playwright-check" {
  name                      = "Example Playwright check"
  activated                 = true
  frequency                 = 2
  use_global_alert_settings = true

  locations = [
    "eu-west-1"
  ]

  bundle {
    id       = checkly_playwright_code_bundle.playwright-bundle.id
    metadata = checkly_playwright_code_bundle.playwright-bundle.metadata
  }

  runtime {
    steps {
      test {
        command = "npx playwright test --config \"playwright.config.ts\""
      }
    }

    playwright {
      version = "1.56.1"

      device {
        type = "chromium"
      }

      device {
        type = "firefox"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `activated` (Boolean) Determines whether the check will run periodically or not after being deployed.
- `bundle` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Attaches a code bundle to the check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bundle))
- `frequency` (Number) How often the check should run in minutes. Possible values are `1`, `2`, `5`, `10`, `15`, `30`, `60`, `120`, `180`, `360`, `720`, and `1440`.
- `name` (String) The name of the check.
- `runtime` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configure the runtime environment of the Playwright check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime))

### Optional

- `alert_channel_subscription` (Block List) An array of channel IDs and whether they're activated or not. If you don't set at least one alert subscription for your check, we won't be able to alert you. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_channel_subscription))
- `alert_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Determines the alert escalation policy for the check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings))
- `group_id` (Number) The ID of the check group that this check is part of.
- `group_order` (Number) The position of the check in the check group. It determines in what order checks and monitors are run when a group is triggered from the API or from CI/CD.
- `locations` (Set of String) An array of one or more data center locations where to run the this check.
- `muted` (Boolean) Determines if any notifications will be sent out when the check fails and/or recovers. (Default `false`).
- `private_locations` (Set of String) An array of one or more private locations slugs.
- `run_parallel` (Boolean) Determines whether the check should run on all selected locations in parallel or round-robin. (Default `false`).
- `tags` (Set of String) A list of tags for organizing and filtering checks and monitors.
- `trigger_incident` (Block Set, Max: 1) Create and resolve an incident based on the alert configuration. Useful for status page automation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--trigger_incident))
- `use_global_alert_settings` (Boolean) When true, the account level alert settings will be used, not the alert setting defined on this check. (Default `true`).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--bundle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bundle`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the code bundle.
- `metadata` (String) The generated metadata of the code bundle.


<a id="nestedblock--runtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime`

Optional:

- `playwright` (Block List, Max: 1) Configure the Playwright capabilities that should be made available to the runtime environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime--playwright))
- `steps` (Block List, Max: 1) Customize the actions taken during test execution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime--steps))

<a id="nestedblock--runtime--playwright"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime.playwright`

Optional:

- `device` (Block Set) The list of devices that should be made available for Playwright. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime--playwright--device))
- `version` (String) The Playwright version to use.

<a id="nestedblock--runtime--playwright--device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime.playwright.device`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of the device.



<a id="nestedblock--runtime--steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime.steps`

Optional:

- `install` (Block List, Max: 1) Customize the install step, which is used to initialize the environment prior to starting the test run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime--steps--install))
- `test` (Block List, Max: 1) Customize the test step. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime--steps--test))

<a id="nestedblock--runtime--steps--install"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime.steps.install`

Optional:

- `command` (String) The command used to install dependencies prior to running Playwright. The default value is the appropriate install command for your package manager (e.g. `npm install` for `npm`).


<a id="nestedblock--runtime--steps--test"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime.steps.test`

Optional:

- `command` (String) The command used to run Playwright. The default value is the appropriate exec command for your package manager (e.g. `npx playwright test` for `npm`).




<a id="nestedblock--alert_channel_subscription"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_channel_subscription`

Required:

- `activated` (Boolean) Whether an alert should be sent to this channel.
- `channel_id` (Number) The ID of the alert channel.


<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings`

Optional:

- `escalation_type` (String) Determines the type of escalation to use. Possible values are `RUN_BASED` and `TIME_BASED`. (Default `RUN_BASED`).
- `parallel_run_failure_threshold` (Block List) Configuration for parallel run failure threshold. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings--parallel_run_failure_threshold))
- `reminders` (Block List) Defines how often to send reminder notifications after initial alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings--reminders))
- `run_based_escalation` (Block List) Configuration for run-based escalation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings--run_based_escalation))
- `time_based_escalation` (Block List) Configuration for time-based escalation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings--time_based_escalation))

<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings--parallel_run_failure_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings.parallel_run_failure_threshold`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether parallel run failure threshold is enabled. Only applies if the check is scheduled for multiple locations in parallel. (Default `false`).
- `percentage` (Number) Percentage of runs that must fail to trigger alert. Possible values are `10`, `20`, `30`, `40`, `50`, `60`, `70`, `80`, `90`, and `100`. (Default `10`).


<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings--reminders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings.reminders`

Optional:

- `amount` (Number) Number of reminder notifications to send. Possible values are `0`, `1`, `2`, `3`, `4`, `5`, and `100000` (`0` to disable, `100000` for unlimited). (Default `0`).
- `interval` (Number) Interval between reminder notifications in minutes. Possible values are `5`, `10`, `15`, and `30`. (Default `5`).


<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings--run_based_escalation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings.run_based_escalation`

Optional:

- `failed_run_threshold` (Number) Send an alert notification after the given number of consecutive check runs have failed. Possible values are between `1` and `5`. (Default `1`).


<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings--time_based_escalation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings.time_based_escalation`

Optional:

- `minutes_failing_threshold` (Number) Send an alert notification after the check has been failing for the given amount of time (in minutes). Possible values are `5`, `10`, `15`, and `30`. (Default `5`).



<a id="nestedblock--trigger_incident"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger_incident`

Required:

- `description` (String) A detailed description of the incident.
- `name` (String) The name of the incident.
- `notify_subscribers` (Boolean) Whether to notify subscribers when the incident is triggered.
- `service_id` (String) The status page service that this incident will be associated with.
- `severity` (String) The severity level of the incident. Possible values are `MINOR`, `MEDIUM`, `MAJOR`, and `CRITICAL`.
