---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "checkly_url_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-checkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a URL Monitor to check HTTP endpoint availability and response times.
---

# checkly_url_monitor (Resource)

Creates a URL Monitor to check HTTP endpoint availability and response times.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "checkly_url_monitor" "example-url-monitor" {
  name                      = "Example URL monitor"
  activated                 = true
  frequency                 = 2
  use_global_alert_settings = true

  locations = [
    "eu-west-1"
  ]

  request {
    url = "https://welcome.checklyhq.com"

    assertion {
      source     = "STATUS_CODE"
      comparison = "EQUALS"
      target     = "200"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `activated` (Boolean) Determines whether the monitor will run periodically or not after being deployed.
- `frequency` (Number) How often the monitor should run in minutes. Possible values are `0`, `1`, `2`, `5`, `10`, `15`, `30`, `60`, `120`, `180`, `360`, `720`, and `1440`.
- `name` (String) The name of the monitor.
- `request` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) The parameters of the HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--request))

### Optional

- `alert_channel_subscription` (Block List) An array of channel IDs and whether they're activated or not. If you don't set at least one alert subscription for your monitor, we won't be able to alert you. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_channel_subscription))
- `alert_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Determines the alert escalation policy for the monitor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings))
- `degraded_response_time` (Number) The response time in milliseconds where the monitor should be considered degraded. Possible values are between `0` and `30000`. (Default `3000`).
- `frequency_offset` (Number) To create a high frequency monitor, set `frequency` to `0` and `frequency_offset` to `10`, `20`, or `30`.
- `group_id` (Number) The ID of the check group that this monitor is part of.
- `group_order` (Number) The position of the monitor in the check group. It determines in what order checks and monitors are run when a group is triggered from the API or from CI/CD.
- `locations` (Set of String) An array of one or more data center locations where to run the this monitor.
- `max_response_time` (Number) The response time in milliseconds where the monitor should be considered failing. Possible values are between `0` and `30000`. (Default `5000`).
- `muted` (Boolean) Determines if any notifications will be sent out when the monitor fails and/or recovers. (Default `false`).
- `private_locations` (Set of String) An array of one or more private locations slugs.
- `retry_strategy` (Block Set, Max: 1) A strategy for retrying failed monitor runs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--retry_strategy))
- `run_parallel` (Boolean) Determines whether the monitor should run on all selected locations in parallel or round-robin. (Default `false`).
- `should_fail` (Boolean) Allows to invert the behaviour of when the monitor is considered to fail. (Default `false`).
- `tags` (Set of String) A list of tags for organizing and filtering checks and monitors.
- `use_global_alert_settings` (Boolean) When true, the account level alert settings will be used, not the alert setting defined on this monitor. (Default `true`).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request`

Required:

- `url` (String) The URL to monitor. Must be a valid HTTP or HTTPS URL.

Optional:

- `assertion` (Block Set) Assertions to validate the HTTP response. URL monitors only support status code assertions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--request--assertion))
- `follow_redirects` (Boolean) Whether to follow HTTP redirects automatically. (Default `true`).
- `ip_family` (String) IP family version to use for the connection. The value can be either `IPv4` or `IPv6`. (Default `IPv4`).
- `skip_ssl` (Boolean) Whether to skip SSL certificate verification. (Default `false`).

<a id="nestedblock--request--assertion"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request.assertion`

Required:

- `comparison` (String) The type of comparison to be executed between expected and actual value of the assertion. Possible values are `EQUALS`, `NOT_EQUALS`, `GREATER_THAN` and `LESS_THAN`.
- `source` (String) The source of the asserted value. The only allowed value is `STATUS_CODE`.
- `target` (String) The target value. Typically `200` when the source is `STATUS_CODE`.

Optional:

- `property` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--alert_channel_subscription"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_channel_subscription`

Required:

- `activated` (Boolean) Whether an alert should be sent to this channel.
- `channel_id` (Number) The ID of the alert channel.


<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings`

Required:

- `escalation_type` (String) Determines what type of escalation to use. Possible values are `RUN_BASED` and `TIME_BASED`.

Optional:

- `parallel_run_failure_threshold` (Block List) Configuration for parallel run failure threshold. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings--parallel_run_failure_threshold))
- `reminders` (Block List) Defines how often to send reminder notifications after initial alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings--reminders))
- `run_based_escalation` (Block List) Configuration for run-based escalation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings--run_based_escalation))
- `time_based_escalation` (Block List) Configuration for time-based escalation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings--time_based_escalation))

<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings--parallel_run_failure_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings.parallel_run_failure_threshold`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether parallel run failure threshold is enabled. Applicable only for monitors scheduled in parallel in multiple locations. (Default `false`).
- `percentage` (Number) Percentage of runs that must fail to trigger alert. Possible values are `10`, `20`, `30`, `40`, `50`, `60`, `70`, `80`, `90`, and `100`. (Default `10`).


<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings--reminders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings.reminders`

Optional:

- `amount` (Number) Number of reminder notifications to send. Possible values are `0`, `1`, `2`, `3`, `4`, `5`, and `100000` (`0` to disable, `100000` for unlimited). (Default `0`).
- `interval` (Number) Interval between reminder notifications in minutes. Possible values are `5`, `10`, `15`, and `30`. (Default `5`).


<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings--run_based_escalation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings.run_based_escalation`

Optional:

- `failed_run_threshold` (Number) After how many failed consecutive check runs an alert notification should be sent. Possible values are between `1` and `5`. (Default `1`).


<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings--time_based_escalation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings.time_based_escalation`

Optional:

- `minutes_failing_threshold` (Number) After how many minutes after a monitor starts failing an alert should be sent. Possible values are `5`, `10`, `15`, and `30`. (Default `5`).



<a id="nestedblock--retry_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retry_strategy`

Required:

- `type` (String) Determines which type of retry strategy to use. Possible values are `FIXED`, `LINEAR`, and `EXPONENTIAL`.

Optional:

- `base_backoff_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds to wait before the first retry attempt. (Default `60`).
- `max_duration_seconds` (Number) The total amount of time to continue retrying the monitor (maximum 600 seconds). (Default `600`).
- `max_retries` (Number) The maximum number of times to retry the monitor. Value must be between `1` and `10`. (Default `2`).
- `same_region` (Boolean) Whether retries should be run in the same region as the initial monitor run. (Default `true`).
